Feat/auth for mcp new docs (#181)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/mcp/get-started/user-authentication.mdx

    },
  },
});
// ...
```

## Run your tools

Users with the **Tool User** role will only see the `whoami` tool:

<Frame>
  <img
    src="/img/mcp/tools_list_tool_user_role.png"
    alt="List of tools for an user with the Tool User role"
  />
</Frame>

Whereas users with the **Tool Administrator** role will see both the `greet` and the `whoami` tools:

<Frame>
  <img
    src="/img/mcp/tools_list_tool_administrator_role.png"
    alt="List of tools for an user with the Tool Administrator role"
  />
</Frame>

Now, click on the tool you want to use and **Run Tool**.

<Frame>
  <img
    src="/img/mcp/whoami_tool_call_through_mcp_inspector.png"
    alt="WhoAmI tool call response in MCP Inspector"
  />
</Frame>

</Tab>

<Tab title="Dynamic Client Registration">
## Enable Dynamic Client Registration (DCR)

Set the tenant-level flag required for Dynamic Client Registration (DCR):

```shell wrap lines
auth0 tenant-settings update set flags.enable_dynamic_client_registration
```

Enabling `enable_dynamic_client_registration` allows MCP tools to register themselves as applications automatically through Dynamic Client Registration (DCR).

> <Warning>Auth0 supports Open Dynamic Registration, which means that if you enable this feature, anyone will be able to create applications in your tenant without a token. Read [Securing Open DCR Endpoints](/mcp/intro/metadata-discovery-and-client-registration#securing-open-dcr-endpoints) to learn strategies to mitigate risks with Open DCR.</Warning>

Reviewer: Broken link:
```suggestion
<Warning>Auth0 supports Open Dynamic Registration, which means that if you enable this feature, anyone will be able to create applications in your tenant without a token. Read [Securing Open DCR Endpoints](/mcp/guides/registering-your-mcp-client-application#securing-open-dcr-endpoints) to learn strategies to mitigate risks with Open DCR.</Warning>
```
